---
layout: post
title: "XP - Production Lead and Game Management"
description: Gameloft Vivendi, Toronto, Canada
image: assets/images/gl.png
permalink: gameloft
---

**Game Manager**, Since Dec 2016
<br>Game Managers at Gameloft are in charge of handling all aspects of a game at Gameloft. They are responsible for initiating programs, following their progress, and serving as support providers in case issues arise. They coordinate efforts among workers and outside partners, as well as develop effective schedules and suggest action items that still need to be complete to successfully complete the project.
<br>In addition to these tasks, Game Managers track technical issues and implement solutions in a prompt manner. They must effectively communicate project status and suggest changes to use company resources more efficiently. Game Managers provide expertise for escalated quality problems, and anticipate bottlenecks in the development cycle. Additionally, they define strategies, regularly participate in executive meetings to present their progress, and share project information with other Game Managers in the company.

**Lead Producer**, Sep 2014 – Dec 2016
<br>I supervised the production process for the Gameloft Toronto studio including but not limited to::
* Agile coaching, helping the team to adopt and adapt agile principle in their production workflow
* Mentoring the production team training them to the Gameloft production flow and help them going through impediments based on my experience across different projects
* Local QA and Scum Master leading

**Video Game Producer**, 2011 – Sep 2014
<br>I produced 3 games at Gameloft Toronto, including UNO and Friends and Disney Magic Kingdoms.
<br>As the senior producer I was responsible of the following day to day tasks:
* Assign tasks and manage projects for teams of designers, programmers, artists and quality assurance testers, handle the product backlog and animate the scrums
* Manage the development of new games throughout all production stages: concept, prototype, alpha, beta, gold and the updates after the game is live
* Ensure communication with Gameloft executive producers and quality assurance team in other studios for projects follow-up 
* Ensure communication with other development studios in our foreign offices for projects produced outside of Toronto 
* Collaborate with the marketing team to direct the creation and evolution of our games based on marketing research and create new advertising programs

For more details about my roles at Gameloft, check my <A href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/christophebenoist/" target="_blank">LinkedIn profile</A>.

Learn more about Gameloft:
* <a href="https://www.gameloft.com/" target="_blank">Company website</a>